but surface slope from skate today we're
going to be doing a review of the brand
new MGP VX for Nitro again it's going to
be like a middle middle climb the range
scoots a high end scooter pretty good
and comes with a brand new Forks and
they've released on their own as well as
with this new complete they're the m1
fork and they were in a hecho IC
compression as you can see the shimmer
there they come with the new alloy filth
all wheels they come with k2 bearings
pre-installed than that the death itself
does seem a little bit wider than the
old one it's a 4.5 inch deck and there's
kind of it's kind of shaped a little bit
on square in the oven similar to kind of
the district shape nice and square and
chunky I'm gonna be dead strong it does
also come with brand new break this
break does seem a little bit sturdier
than the old ones every now and then
there was a problem with those snap in
supply so these are gonna maybe be a
little bit better you get in the same
headset as you work with the old one was
just an FSA integrated headset they've
been around for years and it's fantastic
brand of headset you getting a brand new
grip tape with this as well you are
getting and the Nuvi x4 grip tape so
rather than you skulls and stuff they're
keeping it quite minimal which seems to
be quite popular at the moment which is
pretty cool as well as that you're
getting bars which are kind of similar
to your old bars really again a lot more
plain a lot more minimal the clamp is
exactly the same as what you would get
them for the grips much the same however
you are getting these new bar extenders
which can hammering thin D bars and that
will add up to 4 inches of extra width
on the on the width you handle bars so
that's going to be perfect for all the
riders people that are a little bit
taller or just generally people that do
prefer to use a wider bars so now I'm
gonna talk you through how to build it
it's pretty easy all you have to do is
you don't need one of these vices but
always helpful if you do have one all
you want to do is take your handlebars
slide this over the top
lock that into place then just
straighten up the handle bars and start
by tightening your bolts up or ideally
go through one at the bottom give it a
couple of turns and at the top put the
turns in the middle took the stand back
to the bottom again that's the top
middle and then just you want to tweet
your bolts just make sure they're nice
and tight don't try and force them to be
tight they're just wanting to be tweaked
so they are tight and that's all there
is and so you better do thanks for
watching feel free to check us out on
YouTube Facebook and Twitter Instagram
all that stuff brilliant just give us a
follow thanks for watching
you